#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
appdirs==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==20.1.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
boto3==1.7.31
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.10.84
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.6.20
    # via requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
contextlib2==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   raven
directory-client-core==6.2.0
    # via
    #   directory-cms-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
directory-cms-client==11.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==20.14.1
    # via directory-components
directory-sso-api-client==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory_components==35.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-admin-ip-restrictor==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-image-cropping
django-ckeditor==5.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-grappelli==2.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-image-cropping==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via django-admin-ip-restrictor
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-ckeditor
django-reversion==2.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-thumber==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   django-admin-ip-restrictor
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-thumber
    #   djangorestframework
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   sigauth
django_extensions==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
docker-py==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
docutils==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
easy-thumbnails==2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==19.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==1.7.0
    # via jsonschema
jmespath==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via directory-components
markdown2==2.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.5
    # via directory-client-core
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==16.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easy-thumbnails
psycopg2==2.7.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.16.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
pytz==2020.1
    # via django
raven==5.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-staff-sso-client
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via django-staff-sso-client
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
    #   docker-py
    #   requests-oauthlib
s3transfer==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
sigauth==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-client-core
six==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-image-cropping
    #   docker-py
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   packaging
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   w3lib
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
uk-postcode-utils==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==1.25.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
whitenoise==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
whoosh==2.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.1.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
